# Snake-Game-Final-Project-Mitchell-Brown
The purpose of this program is to entertain the user with a hungry snake game. It works by starting the user as the snake and placing a piece of food on the game board, which is a block that appears in random locations. As the snake runs into the food block and consumes it, it grows in length by one block (the same size as the head and food) and the food block is replaced in a random location on the board. If the snake touches its own tail then the snake 'dies' and the game ends with the program showing the user how long their tail was and if they have won or not. The goal to winning is for the snake to reach a length of 15 blocks or more. I have added background music, eyes to the snakes head and colors to the snake and food. I have also allowed the snake to pass through the borders of the game board and appear on the other sides. I attempted to assign pictures to the food and background objects numerous times with no success. I believe it was due to the funkiness of Thonny's imports and the positions of the actual code.
Instructions: Install pygame onto computer. Run the program and turn volume on. Press enter to start the game. Use the W-A-S-D keys to move up, left, down, and right. Consume the blue food blocks to grow in length but be careful not to touch your own tail. Try to get the snake's tail as long as you can but the winning score is 15 block in length. The program will repeat untill you press 'Q' or the red x in the top right corner and press enter after the score and win/lose messages are displayed.
